Update kiosk-prepare.md (MarkDown improvements) (#4745)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/configuration/kiosk-prepare.md

-   Windows 10 Pro, Enterprise, and Education

> [!WARNING]

> > For kiosks in public-facing environments with auto sign-in enabled, you should use a user account with least privilege, such as a local standard user account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For kiosks in public-facing environments with auto sign-in enabled, you should use a user account with the least privileges, such as a local standard user account.
```

>

> > Assigned access can be configured via Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) or configuration service provider (CSP) to run its applications under a domain user or service account, rather than a local account. However, use of domain user or service accounts introduces risks that an attacker subverting the assigned access application might gain access to sensitive domain resources that have been inadvertently left accessible to any domain account. We recommend that customers proceed with caution when using domain accounts with assigned access, and consider the domain resources potentially exposed by the decision to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Assigned access can be configured via Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) or configuration service provider (CSP) to run its applications under a domain user or service account, rather than a local account. However, use of domain user or service accounts introduces risks that might allow an attacker subverting the assigned access application to gain access to sensitive domain resources that have been inadvertently left accessible to any domain account. We recommend that customers proceed with caution when using domain accounts with assigned access, and consider the domain resources potentially exposed by the decision to do so.
```
